Update Documentation (#8262)
scalableminds/webknossos: docs/volume_annotation/tools.md

**Segment Picker**: Click any segment to use its label ID as the active segment ID and keep annotating with that ID. This is alternative to selecting the segment ID from the [Segments list](./segments_list.md) sidebar or context menu.

![Quick Select Tool](../ui/images/quickselect-tool.jpg){align=left width="60"} 
**Quick Select**: Automatically annotate segments using either:

  - Threshold-based selection mode
  - AI-based segmentation (powered by Segment Anything Model 2)
    The AI mode works across various imaging modalities and can significantly speed up annotation workflows. See the [Quick-select tool](#quick-select-tool) section for detailed usage.

![Proof Reading Tool](../ui/images/proofreading-tool.jpg){align=left width="60"} 
**Proof Reading**: Fix merge and split errors in automated segmentations using the underlying super-voxel graph by combining and breaking apart segments. Read more about [proofreading](../proofreading/tools.md).

In the [Segments tab](./segments_list.md) on the right-hand side panel, you can find all segment IDs which are available in your annotation. You can rename and organize segments as needed.

> The active segment ID under the cursor can be found in the [status bar](../ui/status_bar.md) at the bottom of the screen or through the context-sensitive menu when right-clicking.

Reviewer: more concise and well established

```suggestion
The active segment ID under the cursor can be found in the [status bar](../ui/status_bar.md) at the bottom of the screen or through the context menu when right-clicking.
```

!!! tip "Keyboard Shortcuts"
    For faster workflows, refer to the [keyboard shortcuts](../ui/keyboard_shortcuts.md) guide.

> ### Tool Modifiers

Reviewer: same as with the skeleton tools

The following interactions and modifiers become available when working with some of the volume annotation tools. They can be found in the toolbar:

![Create New Segment ID Modifier](./images/new-segment-modifier.jpg){align=left width="60"} 
**Create New Segment ID**: Creates a new segment ID for labeling with a different color and identifier. New segments will be added to the [segments list](./segments_list.md) in the right sidebar automatically.

![Change Brush Size Modifier](./images/brush-size-modifier.jpg){align=left width="60"} 

> **Change Brush Size**: Changes the size and radius of the brushing tool. Presets of small, medium and large brush sizes are available which can be modified to suite your workflows. ![youtube-video](https://www.youtube.com/embed/JkpSTKuNZKg)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Change Brush Size**: Changes the size and radius of the brushing tool. Presets of small, medium and large brush sizes are available which can be modified to suit your workflows. ![youtube-video](https://www.youtube.com/embed/JkpSTKuNZKg)
```

![Overwrite Everything Modifier](./images/overwrite-everything-modifier.jpg){align=left width="60"} 

> **Overwrite Everything**: When labeling with the brush/trace tool, you can annotate every available voxel without any regard if it was already labeled as a different segment or whether it is unlabelled. This allows you to draw over existing segments.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Overwrite Everything**: When labeling with the brush/trace tool, you can annotate every voxel independent of whether it is already an segment id. This allows you to draw over existing segments.
```

![Interpolation/Extrusion Modifier](./images/interpolation-modifier.jpg){align=left width="60"} 
**Interpolation/Extrusion**: Annotate a segment, skip a few sections in the Z direction, and annotate it again. Now, you can interpolate between the two segments. Read more on the [interpolation/extrusion](#volume-interpolation) below. 

![2D Fill Modifier](./images/2d-modifier.jpg){align=left width="60"} 
![3D Fill Modifier](./images/3d-modifier.jpg){align=left width="60"} 
**2D/3D Fill**: Modifies the flood filling tool to work in 2D (in-plane only) or 3D (volumetric fill/re-labeling). 3D flood fill is constrained to a small, regional bounding box for performance reasons. Read more about [flood fills](#volume-flood-fills) below.

## Quick-select tool
The Quick Select tool offers AI-powered automatic segmentation, powered by [Segment Anything Model 2](https://ai.meta.com/blog/segment-anything-2/). Simply draw a selection around your target structure, and WEBKNOSSOS will automatically segment it for you.

### Operating Modes

**AI Mode** (Default)

> - Activate the "AI" button in the toolbar

Reviewer: probably nitpicky, but it's a bit weird that the headline says that it's enabled by default and then the description contains the imperative "activate it".
maybe move the part about activating/deactivating directly into the intro of "Operating Modes".

- Works across various imaging modalities
- Segments structures based on machine learning

**Threshold Mode**

- Disable the "AI" button
- Uses intensity-based segmentation
- Fills from the center of your selection

### Usage Steps

1. Select the Quick Select tool from the toolbar
2. Choose your preferred mode (AI or threshold)
3. Click the settings icon to configure:

>     - Number of sections to process

Reviewer: I think this is only possible for the AI mode.

>     - Preview mode for real-time parameter adjustment

Reviewer: only for non-ai

![Fill Tool](../ui/images/fill-tool.jpg){align=left width="60"} 
**Fill Tool**: Fill regions with volume annotations up to segment boundaries or viewport edges. Useful for:

- Filling holes in segments
- Relabeling segments with different IDs/colors
- Quick corrections of small areas
- The fill behavior can be modified using the 2D/3D fill modifiers (see below).
- This tool only takes existing labels into account and does not look at any other underlying (microscopy) layers. Have a look at the [quick-select-tool](./quick_select.md) for quickly annotating new structures.

![Segment Picker Tool](../ui/images/segment-picker-tool.jpg){align=left width="60"} 
**Segment Picker**: Click any segment to use its label ID as the active segment ID and keep annotating with that ID. This is alternative to selecting the segment ID from the [Segments list](./segments_list.md) sidebar or context menu.

![Quick Select Tool](../ui/images/quickselect-tool.jpg){align=left width="60"} 
**Quick Select**: Automatically annotate segments using either:

  - Threshold-based selection mode
  - AI-based segmentation (powered by Segment Anything Model 2)

>     The AI mode works across various imaging modalities and can significantly speed up annotation workflows. See the [Quick-select tool](#quick-select-tool) section for detailed usage.

Author: This is incorrect. The SAM2 model predicts on several "layers" at once. It is capaple of understanding images sequences.
